[Music]
eat garlic every day and see what
happens to you
garlic is a new superfood that we've
been using for centuries but only now
realize all the benefits of this little
plant today you may often hear a
cruelty-free and 100% organic type of
slogans and we can't refer it to just a
food fashion hype people shift to the
organic lifestyle and make healthy
eating a part of the everyday routine
would you rather let your body consume
drugstore chemicals then move toward a
positive sign of a natural therapy there
are so many plants in your garden with
fantastic medical properties and garlic
is one of them we believe you never knew
that Hippocrates made garlic famous for
the medical use he was among the first
doctors to recommend his patients eating
garlic on a daily basis to improve their
health we have 5 important reasons why
you should eat raw garlic every day and
see significant changes so it's not so
important whether you are fighting
vampires or just a simple cold we
believe we have a perfect weapon for you
plus will tell you how to get rid of the
smell of garlic fast 1 garlic lowers
your blood pressure Chinese doctors have
used garlic as the blood pressure
medication for many centuries the
Japanese government approved garlic
usage as a high pressure reducer we
could doubt but why would we these
countries are famous for the non
traditional plant-based medicine
techniques that actually work to
minimize the risk of a heart attack or a
stroke
you should pay close attention to your
blood pressure if you have this issue
especially a permanent high blood
pressure level you probably know all the
types of the medications you need but
think about eating raw garlic every day
according to the scientific research
garlic stimulates the production of the
elements that relax blood vessels
approximately 12 weeks can be enough to
make a significant cut in blood pressure
isn't it great
do garlic fights bacteria and boosts the
immune system little white garlic cloves
serve as big shields for your immune
system they protect your whole body from
evil bacteria and won't let you catch a
cold if you take pills to cure a cold or
another disease you may feel that your
digestive system goes out of control
sometimes the main reason is the
imbalance of good and bad bacteria in
your body
garlic acts as a natural antibiotic and
helps good bacteria work faster and
protect your immune system it kills bad
bacteria but does not eliminate healthy
ones as drugstore antibiotics do a plant
contains an element known as Allison
that has the antimicrobial effects it's
a natural immune system booster that
helps the body fight infection
interesting to know that a simple called
is one of the most widespread diseases
in the world it's so infectious that you
better prevent it then cure eating
garlic on an everyday basis can help you
not only fight the symptoms but prevent
a whole getting sick phase a daily
intake of a garlic clove can lower the
number of colds by 63% and cut down the
average length of cold symptoms by 70%
don't you just love these numbers 3
garlic prevents cancer
he didn't expect this one here right
however garlic can stop the development
of cancer cells help build up DNA and
boost cell reproduction garlic is packed
with different minerals and vitamins
just like a super pill in fact it
contains a little bit of almost
everything we need according to the
World Health Organization's
recommendation
you should eat 0.072 0.2 ounces of fresh
garlic every day almost 1 clove of an
average-size now you might think that
this whole point might be enough but we
have more 4 garlic promotes detox let's
be honest not all of us are true healthy
food pros and sometimes we enjoy a junk
food moment that messes toxins and a
body eating garlic can immensely help
you clean up toxins parasites and
leftovers of medications that your liver
isn't able to handle garlic helps it
work liver function is stimulated by
vitamins A B and C that garlic contains
if you wake up in the morning with bad
breath and bags under your eyes this is
a sign from your body that the liver is
overloaded garlic to the rescue if you
eat a clove of garlic every day on an
empty stomach it can make your skin look
more radiant smooth and young because it
helps the liver clean your body
anyone who's fighting indigestion or low
appetite should try garlic as an
efficient and treatment sounds pretty
good to us fine
mild to severe cops treatment do you
want to get rid of catching a cold and
fighting all those tiring symptoms many
people use a combination of garlic with
vitamin C to keep the immune system
working at maximum speed
rough coughs are caused by the
irritation of the throat they can be
effectively cured with a hot garlic bass
drink that relieves the pain to make a
good garlic tea
chop a clove and add boiling water in a
cup allow the garlic to Steve for
several minutes so you can get a strong
blend if you don't like a peculiar smell
add some honey or ginger the effect will
appear almost immediately enjoy the
calming feeling in the throat as you
drink the garlic tea
your digestive system well thank you for
that tree too by the way
we know that garlic is usually referred
to as a stinking rose
it's not fair regarding all that we've
just heard about this super plant
however some people don't like the smell
that raw garlic has so here are some
tips to help you reduce or minimize it
select fresh plump garlic the pressure a
blob the less smelly it'll be remove all
the green sprouts from the cloves their
aroma is the strongest wash minced
garlic to remove smelly oils eat a
yogurt or drink a glass of milk after
you eat garlic both cause a reduction in
bad breath and of course brush your
teeth to remove any pieces of garlic
that remain and now here's our bonus
garlic health garlic has antimicrobial
properties because of the Alison it
contains for this reason it was widely
used to treat ear infections and a
variety of other diseases as well just
put a tiny piece of garlic on a thread
and pull it out when it's not
comfortable anymore to sum up garlic
helps grow beautiful hair cures acne
soothe psoriasis helps to control weight
a good athlete's foot treatment and so
much more don't forget to hit the like
button and share this video with your
friends to make them healthier click
subscribe to join the bright side
[Music]